.\" Process this file with: groff -man -Tascii redapid.8
.TH REDAPID 8 2014-11-15 Tinkerforge
.\" Turn off justification for nroff. Always turn off hyphenation.
.if n .ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
redapid \- Tinkerforge RED Brick API Daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B redapid
[--help|--version|--check-config|--daemon] [--debug]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B redapid
program is part of the Tinkerforge software infrastructure. It implements the
public API of the Tinkerforge RED Brick. Message routing between redapid and
user programs is done by the
.BR brickd (8)
program. Therefore, redapid should always be run together with
.BR brickd (8).
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB\-\-help\fR" 4
Print help for command line options and exit.
.IP "\fB\-\-version\fR" 4
Print version number and exit.
.IP "\fB\-\-check-config\fR" 4
Check configuration file for errors, print the result and exit.
.IP "\fB\-\-daemon\fR" 4
Run as daemon and write PID and log file.
.IP "\fB\-\-debug\fR" 4
Set log level to debug, overriding configuration file value.
.SH SIGNALS
On reception of
.B SIGHUP
redapid will close and reopen its log file.
.SH FILES
.SS "When run as \fBroot\fP"
.IP "\fI/etc/redapid.conf\fR" 4
The system wide configuration file. See
.IR redapid.conf (5)
for further details.
.IP "\fI/var/log/redapid.log\fR" 4
The system wide log file.
.IP "\fI/var/run/redapid.pid\fR" 4
The system wide PID file.
.SS "When run as \fBnon-root\fP"
.IP "\fI~/.redapid/redapid.conf\fR" 4
Per user configuration file. See
.IR redapid.conf (5)
for further details.
.IP "\fI~/.redapid/redapid.log\fR" 4
Per user log file.
.IP "\fI~/.redapid/redapid.pid\fR" 4
Per user PID file.
.SH BUGS
Please report all bugs you discover to
\fI\%https://github.com/Tinkerforge/red-brick-apid/issues\fR
.SH AUTHOR
Matthias Bolte <matthias@tinkerforge.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2014 Matthias Bolte
.SH LICENSE
redapid is distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL v2+. This is free
software; see the source for copying conditions. There is NO warranty;
not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IR redapid.conf (5)

For further information see \fI\%http://www.tinkerforge.com\fR
