.\" Process this file with: groff -man -Tascii redapid.conf.5
.TH REDAPID.CONF 5 2014-10-23 Tinkerforge
.\" Turn off justification for nroff. Always turn off hyphenation.
.if n .ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
redapid.conf \- redapid(8) configuration file
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.I redapid.conf
file specifies the configuration for the
.BR redapid (8)
The RED Brick API Daemon program is part of the Tinkerforge software 
infrastructure. It implements the interface of the RED Brick. Routing
of the messages is done by the Brick Daemon, so the RED Brick API Daemon
should always run together with the Brick Daemon.
.BR redapid (8)
manpage.
.SH "FILE FORMAT"
The file is line-based, each newline-terminated line represents either a
comment or parameter of the form "name = value". Leading and trailing
whitespace on a line is ignored.

Any line beginning with a hash (#) is ignored. But a hash in the middle of a
line is used as-is, therefore it is not possible to put a comment at the end
of a parameter. The hash and following text becomes part of the parameter.

Only the first equals sign (=) in a parameter is significant. Whitespace before
or after the first equals sign is discarded. Leading and trailing whitespace in
a parameter name is ignored. Leading and trailing whitespace in parameter value
is discarded. Internal whitespace within a parameter value is used as-is.

The values following the equals sign in parameters are all either strings (no
quotes needed) or integers.
.SH PARAMETERS
.SS Log level per category
The log output of
.BR redapid (8)
is divided into different categories. The visibility of log messages can be
controlled individually for each category using the parameters with
.B log_level
prefix.

Valid values are \fIerror\fR, \fIwarn\fR, \fIinfo\fR and \fIdebug\fR. The
default value is \fIinfo\fR. It means that log messages on error, warn and
info level are shown, but messages on debug level are ignored. This can be
overridden with the
.B --debug
command line option of \fBredapid\fR(8).
.IP "\fBlog_level.event\fR" 4
Controlls the visibility of log messages from the event subsystem.
.IP "\fBlog_level.network\fR" 4
Controlls the visibility of log messages from the network subsystem.
.IP "\fBlog_level.api\fR" 4
Controlls the visibility of log messages from the API subsystem.
.IP "\fBlog_level.object\fR" 4
Controlls the visibility of log messages from the object subsystem.
.IP "\fBlog_level.other\fR" 4
Controlls the visibility of log messages that do not fit into any of the
categories listed above.
.SH FILES
\fI/etc/redapid.conf\fR or \fI~/.redapid/redapid.conf\fR
.SH BUGS
Please report all bugs you discover to
\fI\%https://github.com/Tinkerforge/red-brick-apid/issues\fR
.SH AUTHOR
Matthias Bolte <matthias@tinkerforge.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2012-2014 Matthias Bolte
.SH LICENSE
redapid is distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL v2+. This is free
software; see the source for copying conditions. There is NO warranty;
not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IR redapid (8)

For further information see \fI\%http://www.tinkerforge.com\fR
